{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green36\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green37\blue57;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c784\c19216\c28627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5490\c19608\c28627;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl820\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 Doteveryone is a registered charity (no 1146972) and a company (no 06960661), registered in England and Wales.\
We only collect personal data as volunteered by you in the legitimate interests of furthering our charitable objectives, and for some types of data collection for recruitment purposes and when contracting services. However, you can access our web site without disclosing any of your personal data.\
We will also ask for consent for data processing where appropriate and will inform you of how we intend to manage it and what measures we will take to ensure its security.\
We will not use this personal data for other purposes without asking your permission. We will not keep this information for longer than necessary. We will not use third parties to process your data without taking reasonable steps to ensure they comply with UK Data Protection legislation and EU General Data Protection Regulation. We will never sell your data to third parties.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Log Data
\f1\b0 \
We also collect non-identifying information to help us to understand how visitors use our site, and to make improvements. \'a0Whenever you visit our website, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer\'92s Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Cookies
\f1\b0 \
Like most websites, Doteveryone uses cookies to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Measure how you use the site so we can make it better.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Remember your settings so we don\'92t have to keep asking you for them.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The BBC website site has a great\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20170415155535/http://www.bbc.co.uk/webwise/guides/about-cookies"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 plain English description}}\'a0of how cookies work.\
We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting which is based on data from Google Display Advertising. We use aggregate data provided by this service (such as age, gender and interests) to better understand our website audience and adjust our communications appropriately.\
If you would like to opt out of Google Demographics and Interest Reporting please\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20170415155535/https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 change your Google settings}}.\'a0Alternatively, you can choose to opt out of Google Analytics altogether by downloading an\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20170415155535/https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 opt-out browser add-on}}.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Security
\f1\b0 \
We store your information on secure servers based in Europe and take steps to protect your personal information and follow procedures designed to minimise unauthorised access to or disclosure of your information. However, we can\'92t guarantee that we will eliminate all risk of misuse.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Links to Other Sites
\f1\b0 \
Our website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Newsletter
\f1\b0 \
Doteveryone only contacts subscribers to our mailing list, and uses their information, to provide updates on our work and events.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform.\cb1 \
\cb3 Learn more about Mailchimp\'92s privacy practices\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mailchimp.com/legal/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 here}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at\'a0hello@doteveryone.org.uk.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 Changes to This Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Contact Us
\f1\b0 \
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@doteveryone.org.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 hello@doteveryone.org.uk}}.\'a0If you need to see the information we hold about you, please get in touch. We\'92re able to provide this information upon payment of a fee and proof of your identity. We may need to withhold such information according to UK law.\
}